made the first observations of the transit of a planet across the sun
or spend time with a beautiful woman ?
the matter used must be wheaten bread and grape wine
from the home depot truck that was used in this attack and i'm. watching kids stream into school
from his home in aussee there was a beautiful view of the dachstein
something really i don't know what it is yet and that's good
because she 's so very beautiful
the boy in the sixth sense is not alone.
the conflicting claims have repeatedly flared up in the past only to quiet down again
they visited with thomas jefferson at monticello
she wore a tight white dress with a wide tear drop cutout that revealed her ample decolletage
the tax registration numbers of the ngos concerned
with respect to languages and trying to be effective with respect to the deals that we are
you might want to bring a kleenex. or at least have your popcorn napkin nearby because we know that
new york chefs . we lowball 'em .
Tahiti anyone ? - The Dolley Madison staircase .
as a message to the whole world that. we're not going to change who we are
an immensely popular programme that controversially required artists to mime their singing and
then why have n't we seen any
spoken to anybody ? - go on .
- mama ... - shining like light
in a big tanker behind it.. that's fair... a film crew, sadly.. where did they go? they
our neighbourhood but also cooperation with our partners around the globe
community but is not the only motivating factor
the ruling indicated that even mere exposure to a viral infection is a crime under the law
i got ta tell you , lester ,
and managed to get through the british blockade disguised as the norwegian ship irma
across our various countries including the euros in the structural
so you work at bloomingdale 's , huh ?
the relaunch of the tec is an attempt to develop this strategic relationship
and the support provided for this by the european parliament
let em in darcy did so mulligan helping him keep back the crowd of curious ones
community legislation on advertising and marketing to promote
shell and eni deny paying any money to malibu oil and gas
that they receive translation and interpretation services
the main tools the european commission uses to inform citizens and stakeholders
into a new border force (which in some quarters is jokingly referred to as a border farce
u.s. border patrol picked up a guy trying to cross the canadian border early this morning
if you. meet them on the street, they're very nice people.. do you want them running the country
absolutely nothing . - cab !
becomes pensive and distracted and begins to give away her possessions
that public feeling does not always need to be strictly rational
lowell ? financial services lowell ? - slpowlcz : that figures .
greggy 's being strung up . - you break out big chuck ,
- they said i sold coke to a narc three weeks ago .
I ca n't stand to see
i'm back playing football, which is what it's all about.
flies to perform these remarkable aerial maneuvers now what about the engine
girl sells pot laced brownies to buy a prom dress
i would like to find an american restaurant
may not lead. to good, permanent jobs. take film and tv incentives
concern are some social aspects of the life of professional sportsmen and women
rather negative views on his assumption of power and expectations of new threats to the world
to bill etheridge: well of course, if you come from your party, you do not want anything
oi ! the cops will be here any minute .
tell jim to put that red dot on my head
until we have a full review of agencies, their activities and more consistency
only covers sovereign and political risks and it has never
thanks to our augmented reality glasses we gain insight to the details
as additions, but we will vote against if they are not accepted as additions by
he kept crying out the carnatic the carnatic
- george , this is -- this is hannah .
in this very room where i too adored my queen
especially those related to investment in infrastructures
it has to be now.
council was meant to be initially on terrorism
under the roof of the lisbon treaty and its prerogatives
to deadhorse , alaska . - anything at the time ,
in the morning wondering if i wasn't lost in a strange land and yet the terrain was very familiar
in the eu, in particular in the euro area
a balanced trade agreement, but we also need to have mutual recognition of
now extremely fine iron particles also burn and this can be seen if you grind iron
in nova scotia, attract treasure hunters who seek artifacts in the ships he
america cannot prevail in this new struggle by acting alone
in the house of commons, the bill is usually committed to a standing committee
is ambitious or realistic or not, but as i say, the functionality is the absolute key issue
carbon capture and storage (ccs) can reduce the amount
else , then you can forget it .
if he really was concerned about the development agenda, why did he not stay and complete the work
because whatever blame we want to put on the beneficiaries
of everyone at n.y.u. ,
the three previous winners also came from scotland.)
what is an immense challenge posed by the continuous flow of people
such confidence powerful in its own warmth and bewitching
the problem we were just about to create for ourselves by voting for the plant protection products
to working closely together in the coming months
one might refer to the united kingdom and the other to the united states
- What ? - What else ?
and if this generation is to know nothing of the hatred, bombs, fear and bullets
it was like leaving our mark on society to say i was here on the top of a building
sarah jane, where are you from and when did you move to germany
as we look forward to the european parliamentary elections next year
the cost of this parliament, which has grown disproportionately
Can you hang on for one sec ?
opens the door to other cultures and different visions of the world
I splashed some water on my face .
here you go , maria . - found deposit slips and cancelled
four or five young lettuces four hard boiled eggs a few water cresses
butters stotch with his hapa noa .
building and the gothic revival presbyterian first church
honestly , new york was just too grotesque .
you guys just missed jolie - center in merced county that
of beantown a few years back .
with the FBI 's behavioral analysis unit .
and i 'm a realist . - what that man died for .
points out that a third of the complaints deal with requests for information
with written names thrown into a hat would you like my hat cried a voice on the threshold
later roman and byzantine coins were frequently alloyed with baser metals
you may believe in a high level of public services and a high tax economy
- Back to Paris ? - - Go .
and a real european constituency. and why do we want to do that
in many ways, the 'high council' constitutes a bit of comic relief, especially from
we need to find common rules and fight the causes of why people have to flee
poor kid . - your lucky day .
voyager 1 left the solar system and entered interstellar space, the
these are the guiding principles for the package of proposals
for contributions to theoretical physics as a teacher and originator of ideas
the case is frequently cited in matters involving reverse engineering and fair use under copyright
and peaceful relations triumph against the might is right' dogma
aya was our science director . - did they do some research ?
dangerous run in all of america .
prest she tempers dulcet creams nor these to hold wants her fit vessels pure
and what does it cost, and who is paying?
It 's something we 'll get
strongly identify myself with the statement you have just made and to thank you for
a degree of confidentiality is of course essential
you are safe with me i'll have the record brought in there was a wait of several minutes
this work has now culminated in the proposal
in iowa ... - your help or your shares ?
and pass through the virgin river gorge to take advantage of its scenery and lower grades for
edward habitually smoked twenty cigarettes and twelve cigars a day
now why should something bad happen ?
she visited and liked what she saw <non/>
to use the stove, a small amount of fuel is poured into the stove and ignited
this arrangement serves the same purpose as a toilet for humans
where are you from ? - navy dog tags .
as in other negotiations, the commission is strongly committed
where individuals are active participants in the educational process
and it will move at one-fourth speed .
and now the acid itself, hydrochloric acid, also known as muriatic acid
that real progress in other areas could be achieved
the fact that we have one of the best food safety systems in the world
has also been excellent cooperation between the commission
oh , my god ! you do a great chandler !
of the observatory. the observatory is there to facilitate and support
now this is dr lene harbott applying electrodes to the head of john morton
we just lost our heads and acted like a mob
usually via reactions catalyzed by iron- or nickel-containing enzymes
now is not the time to congratulate ourselves
that 's love , torturing each other ?
she 'd be rotting there for a month .
- the news chronicle in fleet street , s'il vous plat .
To separate himself - But you do , Aya .
i'm looking for a restaurant serving any kind of food and it should be in the newnham area
of any delay in terms of the climate and energy package. we cannot pay the
she might have gone on but that she caught kinraid's eyes looking at her with kindly admiration
and hence a variety of theories exist as to their placement on the tree of
this house is deeply concerned about the action of the russian authorities
whether his stance is shared by the incoming manager is another matter.
these scenes were reintroduced when abc aired the wrath of khan on television
hey , stewie ! - how so ?
the force exerted by the counterweight will cause the entire elevator to rise up
i would say safety is absolutely one of the most focal points
my future is in the marathon.
i shouldered my gun an went up to steve's to hev some fun with bruin an to save steve's stock an
be seated o my son he sat down and the king continued
do not meet the definition of serious crimes
emboldened by the look in her brown eyes he had stooped and kissed her then he had stepped back
but, you know what, let's hear from a recent graduate.. -i am donating $1 million
our engagement with that country needs to reflect
the right thing to do . - no , stop , please .
to promote the health of our environment, the health of us as individuals
only apply before that particular report, not the whole thing starting after the
dust experienced mild eye, skin, and upper respiratory tract irritation
ah . sam . - interestingly , fozzie and miss piggy ...
to help you to kill your wife ?
the commission is currently implementing initiatives
my name is padma . - the council thought it best
coercion. although we did not solve that issue a hundred percent, i think we got
members talked about a moment of hope for change
changed my mind.. i think you should actually put these on
compared to the job-hopping of management and the uncommitted attitude
we are working in the appropriate legislative procedure format
is there a particular manufacturer you would recommend
in the uk, this was made worse by the fact that the last labour government left
here's the thing if you cannot measure it it does not exist and
zinc was distinctly recognized as a metal under the designation
most of the content on youtube has been uploaded by individuals
today we have a husband left without a wife, and two children without a mother
for an opinion on whether acta is compatible with the treaties and, in particular
it doesn't have to rhyme
the vote of the european parliament is very good news for consumers all over
what an entrance into the world clutching its aeronautic thread the minute creature mounts
tastes like really good chocolate milk.. uh
What 's that ? - or that you 'd jeopardise
the mix of algorithms in the final population
hungary is therefore asked to accept a very limited number of asylum seekers
he was the first foreign player to be invited to join the most exclusive of football teams
there she is . the former mrs moody .
now , lane , - it 's saggy naggy .
the need for member states to work towards ensuring mutual recognition of partnership status
for the sake of fiscal integrity and for public accountability, they must now show more resolve
so the strong cooperation has a result, the child is
university of vigo
ideas occur to you at odd times
the estimated annual growth rate had to be revised up from 2
borders and the commission services will carry out a follow-up audit
setting out concerns about various provisions of eu law
to speed up the procedure to put forward this important piece of legislation
are you sure you don't want to sit
the participation of belarus will depend on its domestic development
local conservation councils called for a thorough investigation into the catfish deaths
for clear rules in relation to matrimonial property regimes
and clearly, two years after our initial proposal, the need for robust eu investment in people
in the run up-to july, when these sanctions will be discussed again
to all of those who were trying to promote a democratic future
better products, more choice, and greater opportunities for consumers and businesses
but zelda and hemingway disliked each other from their very first meeting
the law of moderation hail high excess especially in wine to thee in worship do i bend the knee
if all of annie mae 's children
i saw a flight attendant weeping as she walked past me
no , no , man , i 'm over all that noise .
recognised standards of corporate social responsibility
not least to call the attention of the commission and the council
i 'm glad i 'm not chandler .
spending that national budgets in many countries are not covering at all
next day we ended our war with america .
however, a decision should be made before the end of august.
the eu recognises the increasing importance of georgia
in advance when customs decide to detain goods
- hello , kojak . - but a neutral un peacekeeping
and i don't know what we should have done in all our troubles if she had not
hire kenny powers . - new orleans is
s changes in other parts of the legislation are moving in a helpful direction
exploiting ukrainian nationalists to provide paramilitary assistance on the streets. i
do you realise that some of these others' that you refer to
the miami vice soundtrack ? - an independent spirit award .
in brazil, sugar cane is providing a solution to economic, environment and even energy problems
is to be seen as part of our overall structure in the european union
gender is a factor of health inequality
i need a flat surface . - probabiy around gonorrhea .
often feel real physiological effects, including a physical pain in the chest (\"heartache
louisa . - yeah , that 's right .
protection of human rights and the situation
of thinking of the now not just as next week or next quarter
so colleagues, stronger european action is required to successfully counter terrorism
another of its uses has been as a substitute for natural gas
to address them via the planned initiative
good morning , daddy . - welcome to ssuper school news .
and i believe that the study itself clearly demonstrates that a range of complicated constitutional
oh , thank god . - see , i-i ca n't
mcphee in the room . - very much .
on member states' pricing and reimbursement models
it drew a droplet of blood
the posture of these dinosaurs has long been the subject of some debate
i would like a moderately priced restaurant in barnwell area i need the phone number and address
and, also, the number and type of signed grant agreements present in the databases
designing effective policy through the european semester
and egypt and this hasn't just happened
the skirts which of course were of many shades of pink were so fluffy and light
highest concentration is apple, it will say apple, raspberry, blueberry in that order
Banned in China , used in Taiwan .
european parliament for a very good discussion. we are very much looking forward to
in new jersey . - - new zealand account .
i mean , there 's so much .
this crisis will not only come to an end through an inclusive political settlement
griffin , stop ! - holy crap ! they fired him ?
and form a solid crust. water that was brought here by comets and asteroids
had left it at some other child's door where pandora would never have set eyes on it
okay , look , chandler , - you and you , out !
it came back ? - yes , control .
thank you , daddy . - wow .
Born in Minnesota , moved to Wisconsin ,
you 're beautiful , you 're slim ,
nasa lobbyist . - -diet coke .
but if we were only nearer to riverboro how quick mother would let in one more
although their martyrdom occurred on different days, they were one
444. they used an aggressive policeman to flag thoughtless motorists.
seeing the financial chaos caused by the lack of a national bank in the war
they gave us as a wedding present .
i am hoping that the electorate in britain will allow me to come back here for another
on our part would cast a shadow over eu credibility in this respect
western australia, he jumped ship and for seven years followed a bewildering array of occupations
or else into her own sewing room fashion and fat
on calm days. by contrast, we are accustomed to secure supplies of energy
for the completion of the single energy market we need to fill in the
i very strongly believe that we have to go down that road now
no divided allegiance no hollow semblance of queenship for her
welcomed the adoption of the written commitment by the presidency of bosnia and herzegovina
eventually performing with a band known as the \"variety rhythm
rendition flights, i would be very interested to hear that because that sheds a new light
now they look just as your mother did from above
and time is of the essence in that respect
immediately enacts the targeted sanctions against ukrainian oligarchs and politicians
are specifically taken into account when assessing unfair commercial practices
on agnes ' couch till you turn 18 ?
in fables , shawn . - stop thinking of it ...
he who exults at the stake does not triumph over pain
and being embarrassed or humiliated by their own actions
names of the principal persons miss clarissa harlowe a young lady of great beauty and merit
my mother , mia . - they 're leaving soon .
we cannot build european capabilities by shutting down
the democrats view the new york 16th .
that diet coke , i think , - fly to christ .
i really need the money - to the class of 2012 ,
the most important person in your life if you're lucky enough to know them
the only thing that i have maintained really well all my life is disappointment
can you actually explain to me why northern ireland has not done so well
can secure and improve transitions in the labour market
the eu must send a signal that the lives of ordinary women are central to our concern
s house for many years, despite the trepidation family members felt at seeing the final composition
unfair commercial practices and restrictions to market access still exist
patent-free research to guarantee progress and access to improved hiv/aids drugs for
indeed that can only be addressed by sincere cooperation between the european union
a solemn prediction that no error shall ever invade his church and if she fell into error
it means she 'll lose yale .
especially when bad weather limits insect supplies or if the female disappears
within weeks, finnish, dutch and german finance ministers said no
if she wouldn't do those things people would let her alone
off into the sunset by now .
it was agreed to undertake further work on innovative financing under the french presidency
of fbi misconduct ? - - yeah .
yeah , bro , for reals . - with a lady
lak enough dee's settin a rabbit trap boys has done such things befo
i would also like to once again underline the significance
commission has always stressed that these values were an essential component
sold star trek to nbc as a classic adventure drama
- i am . - ok carnival people ,
attempts to reconnect essential services to the city began on boxing day
the whole surprise thing work again ?
the council thought it best - well , morning 's no slouch .
parliament is involved only in a consultation procedure
they sometimes have difficulty separating afterwards
roman academic cotta ridicules both literal and allegorical acceptance of myth
which i trust parliament will, like the commission, seek to protect
and called upon all parties and will continue to call upon all parties
look , you 've been gone for a while , okay ?
that guy with jfk . - get me dunbar .
how old are you your voice is that of a young man
i would like to dedicate this song
should refrain from direct targeting of civilian infrastructure
what is happening in ukraine with a law like that, if it becomes
you can even drop in ice cubes if it gets too hot too quickly
a line by line historical analysis of the grievances
will properly frame the use of these claims
the toxins harm bees in a variety of horrible ways.. in high enough doses
because of their dangerous and reckless policies
we've got a lot of respect for the lions.
the issue of innovation was discussed by the european council in detail in february
on the outside of an airport, it is very difficult.
uh ... yeah , sure . - ahead and push it ?
this directive will be the first new legislation in this field
hey , what 's up ? - against miami , '82 .
breaking down over time in the presence of high temperatures and moisture
i'm only speaking metaphorically of course
c.j. , we got ta set up
by the second and third centuries, such church fathers as clement of alexandria
would be the recalling of combat equipment from other theaters for home defense
he works for the department of defense .
with countries regarding whether or not to accept it as a religion, and its position against
and he works like a horse i daresay he grudges his master the beer he drinks
and the first thing you're going to see is a transect screen that is about a meter across
by carrying out labour reforms that ensure the necessary flexibility
it is therefore essential that some crucial amendments are adopted when we vote on this
one should also take into account that this is the first
this movement was fuelled by citizens using technology as a vehicle
this is common in hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus infections
but the police let the wedding party slip under the barrier to pose for a photo he said
however, the sentence was based on unreliable evidence
billion to bail out the failed creditors of two insolvent european banks
with all its landscapes is new born recently sculptured
you can help keep america beautiful
use and take advantage of the sun you can harvest on your footprint and these beautiful umbrellas
he will remain in united states custody
i-i was... i was told that he didn't often.. and a lot of presidents don't. they write letters
fundamentally to ensure that we have a fair tax regime
breastfeeding in public scandal slash. controversy thing in the us
ard-alpha on sundays for five minutes,. so don't blink
s first experience playing large stadiums, the size of which caused unease in the
the first contestant to buzz with the correct answer is awarded ten points
but it became visible only when it showed up on the six o'clock news
After US Navy occupied the area .
colvin was also prone to outbursts and cursing episodes
only showed two tweets the whole fucking program!. paul ryan, and \"ethan
to go to the office , right ?
if it refuses to behave nicely much the best thing to do is to say nothing
the true genetic code is non-overlapping and degenerate
mr president, this is a very important file and will open up many more goods and services
at fort hood where the u.s. army psychiatrist
oh , get down here . - everybody for coming ,
overcoming rigid gender roles and stereotypes, and raising awareness of the gender pension gap
we will continue to encourage montenegro to take this work forward as quickly as possible
they have nothing to worry about
good news is they 're giving me
good outbreak control and crisis management relies on applying
and his phone would have pinged
it 's not like she 's
they were eaten in a happy silence though they tasted a little oddly
manchester and north west england are served by manchester airport
for a time there was no answer then a door was unbolted and sylvia said i can't come down again
a universally popular choice and a source of inspiration among
many complicated ideas about the rainbow have been formed
we have been discussing the new approach to our neighbourhood policy
problem is particularly acute in countries undergoing austerity programmes
will therefore continue to fight for child poverty to be eradicated everywhere
marketing campaigns by pharmaceutical companies may be largely responsible for driving
great minds like galileo or copernicus
as soon as it entered u.s. airspace .
and very proactive attitude in trying to get through what
that such sensitive issues can be managed
yes . yes . i took the tour .
you can't see mr dan
come after work . i 'm at the statler .
investment funds provide only very limited pre-financing in
iran to gain benefits in the nuclear, political and economic field
are unrelated to the maize or wheat tortilla of mexico and neighbouring countries
i want to see businesses succeed. we all want to see european businesses succeed
the strategic engagement includes a key action that focuses on
... from doing dumb crap like going
... ranked America 's number two - The hell with Vancouver .
nonetheless humans retain a degree of sexual dimorphism
i'd like a pub with an internet connection and tv
gladly will i do so answered perceval so they went together to arthur and saluted him
we should not consider them as the only arbiters of credit risk
ill and food supplies that had been plentiful were running out with the approaching winter
which amounts to illegal discrimination against minorities. there
and i think it also puts that. don junior ema ill in light ahead of his meeting with the. russians
which o'connor also relied on in her lawrence opinion
this is an untouched opportunity in most of our member states. i wish
away from this , marty . - on via roma ?
we need more european cross-border and community investment
not far . some hotel in exeter .
in New York will be just begging ...
we'll serve rhubarb pie after rachel's talk.
if it is not used to target member states in order to punish them
very clearly that the accounts of the commission are clean
the paleo-indian diets were dominated by small plants and the wild game available
simply looking for an excuse to bring more and more immigrants into europe
and, indeed, the private sector, which i believe is the engine of growth in the economy
european union worker, and it is an unfortunate fact that some eu member states
or the rules on bonuses, all of these things will end up diminishing growth
no . it is me who says to him .
investigation mission for engaging in their field inquiry into the attack
for the founders ' day picnic .
particularly significant. it is very important in many ways: millions of people
although some older ones, such as the victorian-era jolly collier in coppice side
it allows bulk transfers of data
- mademoiselle desautel . - suck it , kyle .
it 's okay , vera . - back to mexico city .
it was directed by paul king and produced by baby cow productions
oh . who said big brother 's a bad thing ?
this is a summer camp for. children run by a military battalion on the outskirts of kiev
with ambitious new initiatives and monitoring structures
in california . - cologne ? well , actually , i think
were those of cliff anderson - man 's hiding something .
is not in competing on creating stuff with finite
118. clasp the screw in your left hand.
faint she's been so before often she is dead replied margaret
israel has asked the international community to help build up trust
unqualified opinion on the accounts for the second year running
doesnt it defeat the purpose of hashing
makes me wisty - a photo over to isabel .
i knew not where for so swiftly it flew
as a rainforest instead of only ten percent of scrubby trees and bits of road around buildings
my name's not jack that's what they call me but it doesn't matter what my name is
hispanics are the ones getting the most racism
I 'm thinking an infinity symbol .
written by: leroy anderson, mitchell parish
prince has publicly said that he believes it is time for change
with absolute disrespect for any international norms
mindful of the necessity to demonstrate
the resulting blend of physical comedy and kung fu action provided chan with his first hit
moved along an unfinished railroad line just north of hazel run
uff ... we got there too late ,
hello i'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the fenditton area
just as his armies had overrun many countries of continental
when kate married your dad . - i told you .
quite the literary scandal - we 'll tell you .
the ties between jordan and europe
that a more cooperative order in the region is indeed possible, and therefore once again i
and we are being challenged in our own neighbourhood, both to the east and to the south
rather limited in terms of the funding available
a bird that was caught and ringed in labrador, canada, was shot by a hunter in england nine days
adding an additional element of drama to an already powerful
for your cooperation and the work that your
who is veronica pope ? - or an industrial sign .
he 's so mean to chang .
the authorities and the officials and agents of their security and intelligence services
not having then studied the figure long enough to be able to detect superficial sentiment
in a nutshell. light, is the smallest quantity of energy that can be transported. a photon
the initials of characters who were named in the book spelled out the
that pepsi removed it after a couple days.. they certainly spent many millions of dollars on this
- one of masterson 's classmates .
level boarding bus rapid transit 'stations' or tram stops
the cartel . - and whatever you do ,
no , not boston . augsburg , germany . - - no .
to agree on a common agenda of short- and long-term goals, on global as well as regional issues
turning to enforcement, i am pleased to see that parliament shares
for european companies in areas such as telecommunications and energy
You 've been in my head , Annie .
to pull the las tower away from the vehicle after a successful launch
and i practiced my walking as much as i could and i went from the point of two people holding me up
started seriously exploring viable economic alternatives to dairy production
the committee intends to recommend discharge on expectations for the future
i mean radio spectrum policy
Thank you . - with Venice beach jackasses ,
some really hard times . - - ciao , beautiful .
in this parliament are discussing the enlargement of the eu
Lincoln Hospital . This is her picture .
then some sea poachers fish belonging to the genus
i 'll be around back . - washington burbs , you see
she 's right , laurel . - paris , australia , timbuktu ...
to at least ensure that if someone other than the primary care-giver is taking care of the child
they ran the canoe in and climbed the high earth bank
and if you don't do that you are riding illegally
markets in mainland china were closed for a public holiday
- could that be , mr. white ?
unless one were to accept the fantastic theory that he was a deaf mute
i mean, how far does it go? how can we be sure that it is not the opposition
i have never seen anything more
to have mr clinton is quite an accolade.
it is true that cooperative businesses
poetry and prison pall mall gazette january third eighteen eighty nine
information to be able to predict future events with perfect accuracy
canadian soldiers are again on our sandy beaches in northern europe
no , junior , let me talk , okay ?
and help make cooperation the norm
we will always defend those values whenever and wherever they are under threat
we believe that resilience to climate change can only be built effectively in this way
forbidding every one on pain of death to give it burial antigone the sister of polynices
is it ethically acceptable and is it excusable in international law that
versailles to her . - or some vienna sausage
would like to make clear that even if the mechanism is funded from national budgets
the presidency looks forward to seeing some of you in doha
what options do we have , shawn ?
as regards access to information, internationally agreed standards on transparency
young man that day ? - you should go to disneyland .
at 2:00 am , you can go either way .
any common european asylum policy threatens british sovereignty
development affairs council, and the global financial crisis will be at the centre of my political
but so too is the failure of governments to ensure transparency and honesty
this is coupled with helping west african countries
- dude . - probably not .
they stop short of a binding youth guarantee
this and if we look at it how it looks the world
colleagues, please be tough during the brexit negotiations
had opened up new worlds to the mathematician but the acquisitions of their genius enriched
which renewed calls on the government to respect
i've got one year left and then i'm going to retire
but , bertram , if - tracey !
in fact he climbed up into sylvie's lap as he spoke and rested his head against her shoulder
why not also talk about fundamental rights and the rule of law
sauropods dominatethe late jurassic . - mmm .
and a Diet Coke , that 's still there .
and also the success of the high tech toilet
already established and oecd-compatible schemes
the information has to be made available on a single website in each member state
does your grace know where the basket of silver is yes replied the bishop
this entailed led to bankruptcy and even greater western domination
many who remain at lower levels in the church are unaware of much of
the protestants present asked for renewed discussion on points already defined
from as far south as san diego
that is why we have to support the regional
just as good as paper dolls and this was meant as the highest possible compliment
condolences on losing meredith dale . - - the richard .
as is plain to me from the present miserable state of military architecture amongst them
i am sure the commissioners would agree that workers see themselves not just as
of the dynasty of the tang may be justly compared
no . tig . - - well , thank you , bulldog .
is to support ukraine to be a viable economic and democratic state
and he addressed a knot of chieftains in one of the chambers of the palace of o tar
the european union commitment to a space policy
did you hear him describe the arrival of the troika in ireland as a bloodless coup
a thousand dead relatives in scotland
was the first us navy sub and the first to feature compressed air (for air supply
here's some cheese you like
a nasty infection somewhere . - of daddy 's death .
there is enough room for both of us
you 've come a long way
the european union is here for all of us to cooperate
i just find it so delicious.. i made the batch of chocolate covered pretzels in the picture
an extraordinary foreign affairs council meeting just a few days
especially ontario and quebec, at their expense
i don't know some lessons from all of this personal and political
last but not least i think it is very important to promote the role of the european
your strong support and constructive approach in this area
and we have seen resilience, for example in the environmental services sector
the relationships that india, brazil and south africa have developed in their
no , i 'm sorry . - only a godless animal
s foreign minister has indicated that turkey will refuse to work with the cypriot presidency
e-id will be the key to address challenges of privacy and cyber security
- Good-bye , Harry . - People from the German Consulate
charles pachter\tjames jonathan robinson
it converts all cases back to their original form
also an aged party but with a sunbonnet and the most expensive rouge
include virtually anyone remotely connected to the case by contemporary documents
also associated with the liturgy are sacred images and icons
does it smell like teen spirit in here ?
barely . he just turned one . - i 'm going to california .
maybe you can come perform - she 's gone ?
our families the very fabric of our society hangs in the balance
due to this difficulty, many of the greatest composers have never composed choral music
must have one voice when talking to russia
some instruments are already in place, the cooperation and verification
we welcome the dialogue and cooperation on foreign policy issues
social housing is a public service that enjoys preferential treatment
and for those responsible to be brought to justice
i never stopped loving you , luisa .
as a recycled light fuel oil which would have been the correct oil to use in this
toni . - air for years .
the irs is really turning up
do you want to work after the age of sixty five
with a local agent who will assist .
the amount of carbon sitting underneath britain in the form of coal
phoebe , we can hear the dog barking .
wilson made his remarks on tuesday.
he was worth nothing to the world full stop
- You ca n't sell Freddy 's .
it is perhaps the most spectacular act of cooperation among marine mammals
aspects relating to culture have been regularly considered
and there is also an assessment and a number of recommendations on how it should go on
who ca n't get out of his own way ?
and get the paperwork . - so this is every month ?
i started to run like crazy and made for the first group of trees
we need a proper single market that delivers for consumers and for all businesses
i was going in the tunnels of paris on the rooftops with my friends
holiday village entertainers, at potters leisure resort in hopton-on-sea, norfolk
win or lose he hopes the competition will draw attention to his product
to kramer ? i 'll tell you .
after several minutes of high heat the plate will stop smoking and be ready for use
three thousand five hundred iranian men and women
with horses and sometimes other livestock being transported over
determination not to allow such a situation to arise again
said the elder sister but i dare say you'll take us as you find us
and we must redouble our efforts for the sake of those who come after us
chandler , i do n't even want to see
to participate in this peaceful demonstration here in birmingham
while his reputation has grown in english canada since his retirement in 1984
in a sign of a new era in latin america and the caribbean
and hate crimes simply because of their religion
there 's a good girl . - oh , different places .
we can also note the progress in terms of overall economic confidence
would be through a thorough reform of the security sector
charlotte lived in a hotel . - yeah , let 's do that !
the fbi has informed us that they are
newton unofficially moved the pound sterling from the silver standard to the gold standard
is why it 's bureau policy
and then my cowboy friend , albino bob .
but what concerns me as well is that it has been reported that top eu officials
we need to recognise that the eu is the only large international actor
who are so needy for attention
this god is worshipped where goats and sheep pasture or there are swarms of bees
i'm happy that the opportunity came to us,. to stand up and set this important precedent
we also remember that not everybody was feeling this time pressure
president obama signed the executive orders
equipping the european union with a legal and policy framework
so , what better way to reconnect
sprint cup race entitlement was dedicated to a non-profit organization
i have to say though, that without dialogue, without real dialogue
and came across this one that i had not answered
Like some species of frogs , I grow what I need .
this houdini act is bound to fail and he will be shown to be more like tommy cooper
that it is able to regain some of the trade negotiation credibility that it lost
you have to step inside
antibiotics are prescribed too freely. and taken without care
yes i'm looking for a restaurant in new chesterton
the europe that exists was built around the proposition that, through integration
the ... mens rea ? - at the morgan chase museum .
he said the two of you
as greens, we call for three elements of a responsible flood policy
my focus is now on the first annual joint review
may i have the address the phone number and the price of the venue
skills that enable them to find fulfilling work
they only change their gradings when a disaster is apparent to all
carefully assess the likely burden of any new legislative proposals, not only
that mr barroso and many of the political leaders have departed the chamber
which has stopped the shooting of the animal for its pelt
at which point that percentage began to increase
the sound decision of the member states to summon their ambassadors from
it's just the way his brain is wired
people who do support education for boys and girls
chicago is known for its cultural and ethnic diversity and frontier and political history
agent hotchner ? - llcalsl : okay .
in the town of south park .
burgeoning mafias and criminality, violence, refugees
it's our view that sydney needs a new superior hotel
this especially holds for the international monetary fund
only today was the body of a hindu priest found near to his temple
to express in the strongest terms our disgust
that the next generation never has to endure what we had to
but sensible country clothes such as have for many decades been worn in england
is currently assessed by the commission as we prepare the legal basis
and for a while, i was angry with myself, because it was an unforced error
respected governor of punjab, pakistan
but ... this is gina . - well you may hold my
-Thanks . - cup of java .
experts from both sides meet very regularly to ensure that we can reach agreement
`` buy vaginatown - who hacked me
- he 's lived in florida his entire life .
and it is not illegal in all member states yet to groom a child
the answer is already in the question, it is not necessary
a strain on social protection systems and hinders long-term growth
there it is and these detestable people blot out the stars for me
ago my guest was a young jesuit priest. in the east la at the height of a gang war
how does a small firm. ramp up. it's very common in the. industry
the european member states of nato, the united states and canada
the constellation crew, however, mismanaged the fuel flow to the right side engines
an informed visa policy decision-making process
here, too, the post office has missed the boat.
the circumstances in syria and iraq are different
about it before i do ? - which goes as follows .
they court privacy and solitude and even in their choice of a grave
four ... - how interested are stamford
about the propriety of allowing this or any part of my narrative
century, we must encourage, not stifle, competition from online retailers
i suppose i've been insulting you but
to use these last moments to advance national interests
. . .just came out in favor of the bill .
this has been a very important objective from day one of my
he would n't even look at delph .
be with nikki in el salvador .
when invariably it requires less and less, or none at all
i am looking for a pub with a television
every room of your house . - east coast polls are closing
i am sending you this message to schedule the interview
in assuring consistent and efficient cross-border enforcement
and they were really trying to get integrated into the school
without your tireless efforts and your continuous support
where we really need to invest and work together is on the delivery
and a closer dialogue on foreign policy
if the readings change then there is some light leaking in and you need to encase it better
it 's really quite fun ! - but we 're in harlem .
i like the way you think , mr. chicken .
who are exempt from national taxation. this really is a new level
and use the technological innovations as drivers
i would like the address and phone number please
for the eastern neighbours is spent on allocations to support democratic development
and our budget certainly receives a lot of attention
holy mosques to persuade other arab and islamic nations to join the coalition
let me emphasise in this respect that the council generally accepts
defeating manchester united 1 0 in the final
is only one case among many others in belarus
it is high time to tackle all forms of discrimination on all grounds
the overwhelming response to the consultation launched by the green paper earlier this year
includes european union level initiatives needed to support implementation
I mean , he does have a habit
performs just as well as our other iron oxides
balance the different traditions, interests and opinions in europe
and, if scotland leaves the united kingdom, there will be no union
it is only unfortunate that we are doing it on a thursday afternoon
made due diligence in banking illegal
- listen , floyd , i forgot to tell you .
take co-responsibility for building a stable democracy there. it
they will find that the smaller, lighter, greener models
what is apprehended and what is desired are the same in reality
call it a transition zone and this region it's a very small region it's less than one
i 'm at the roosevelt . - a brooklyn italian living
but then there is the security situation on the ground and the political process
Holmes saved my life in America .
for the identification of substances with endocrine-disrupting properties
now you listen to me , - - what ?
close to the border with france and the closest spanish territory to england
which can be predicted from historical price trend; thus, it is impossible to profit from it
it was me . i 'm responsible for
bullshit , frank . - fuck no .
korean war. persian gulf war. kosovo war
which was removed by monsieur colin .
what type of food is this place serving
where was that little place - - nothin ' . nothin ' .
single mothers have additional difficulties in all these areas
is in fact not photographic it involves a campaign of letter writing research and phone calls
these little courtesy responses ... - the credit card history
who also succeeded in producing a very important and very informative
with a chin that 's coveted
I 'll have them bring - that Mr. Barnes heard .
are accused of involvement in human rights abuses and in a number of cases the judiciary has been
exceptional circumstances call for exceptional measures. we recognise that
but we should be cautious. local conflicts can easily grow into
i said i was disappointed in you ,
it is also about the credibility of what we are doing here
including those from algeria, jordan, lebanon, morocco
-ambassador to micronesia . - about nick . ''
you did this on purpose . - - val .
Seattle who can watch him until then .
lloyd alan phillips , jr. - afro was already dead .
and the state recently considered. scaling that back to one new job in the first five years
voted no' to this report and no' to a common immigration and asylum
whether any concrete action actually flows from that statement
we are just giving the possibility that, if member states are buying up quotas from farmers
commitment by bosnia and herzegovina and albania
as moot, he has spoken at conferences at yale university and massachusetts institute of
indeed there is a possibility that he may turn out to be the missing link
over what is seen as a series of secretive negotiations
killed himself . - we do n't need quite
all international trade in jaguars or their parts is prohibited
because this is an extremely important opportunity, and we have not talked much today
which become possible on the basis of the radio equipment directive
finally, to see the result of that enforcement
while i was sick to think about some of the idioms that we use in english
i welcome the emphasis in this report on poverty alleviation through job creation for women
165. they remained lifelong friends and companions.
would israel then accept the democratic values that come as a result
while i consider the european semester a clear success and an important step forward
this year that an excessive deficit does exist in the united kingdom
every year more than three hundred thousand galvao birds are killed during carnival parades
under this instrument is used. it should be the elected representatives and not
a reassurance from the commission is necessary that this is going to be the case
so i go down to city narcotics and
these clashes have already proven to be extremely brutal
naturopathic , chiropractic , tcm , - - good evening , sir .
secretary-general ban ki-moon has invited them to do next
the senator from each state with the longer tenure is known as the \"senior senator
waiting to see if anyone is going to invite. me into the toast or not
doing wrong and going unpunished . - do i need a lawyer ?
we must do the same we have done on the route through the aegean
following this positive assessment and taking into account the overall eu-ukraine relations
often employed promiscuously ominous and swift days omitting all compliments and commonplaces
on our recent trip to mexico , your
but we will only succeed if we are fiercely
hi , i 'm fox mulder . this is dana scully .
and patricia . - be a real family .
embroiled in a trade war with china .
with the lack of observational evidence to support it
that was caused by the poor construction of the euro in the first place
the green and golden bell frog is one of the largest australian frogs
to produce viable, fertile offspring
i also took the liberty of consulting my constituents through newspaper ads about this particular
as if we do n't know logan 's reputation .
here he's seen taking a bath at the well pouring big buckets of water over his head
of the institute of chartered accountants of england and wales
such threats must be immediate, not merely hypothetical
you 'll come visit us in vermont ?
for a country to conclude for achieving the status of a cooperating jurisdiction
availability of health care, standard of living and bio-medical scientific advances
we have a chance to unlock the full economic potential of this sector
very clearly in my introductory remarks. and of course we have to address these weaknesses in
- Buddy . It 's been a while .
in case of being compelled by bad weather to part company at any particular part of the voyage
thank you . - back to cabot cove .
to the condition that the italian authorities adopt a regional waste management plan
two rectangles side-by-side) for \"pause
it will expose young and vulnerable gay, lesbian and transgender people to bullying
i am looking for a contemporary restaurant in the cheap price range
and save himself without a thought for the victims inside stop turn around she cried in a frenzy
was popped open and the shrouds were cut and supposedly used to secure the money bag closed
of all the players here , - damn you , little richard .
speaking seriously when we mention the need for more discipline
well , she is right . - - the joint chiefs .
the third: a question of income limits for access to social housing
that is a long time
we forget about real people, about ordinary people
seconds there,. he said the word \"great\" twice,. he pronounced \"china\" with three syllables
audible has an unmatched selection of audio books, original shows, news and comedy
let 's take down the panthers , luc .
however, we all know also that the negotiations were tedious and very technical
can access , - picthread app this morning
hungary sits in an uncomfortable situation at the outer border of the eu
alternatives are separated by a vertical bar
how to address the crisis of values, the moral crisis, and
some viruses have mechanisms to limit apoptosis so that the host cell
damien . - the maid to dinner .
xml is often used for interfacing with soa services
- Do you know how big Tuscany is ?
would you now publicly affirm, not only that you have no juridical
pub allow children and television
and that more efforts are needed to change the present situation
a new route via malta, a new route in bulgaria
the name of the board game comes from the danish interrogative clause \"husker du
i wasted half my life driving a saab .
in trenton . - which means she might
School for the Children of Spies. ``
when she saw his sorrowful face what harm could come to a great dog like that
now do n't worry , victoria . - something tells me
sean connery did not disappoint.
the biggest beneficiaries will be the developing countries
referral information for veterinarian care for service animals
which are not some kind of an all-powerful god, as media commentators would have us believe
i am helping to lay up food for the winter, said the ant, and recommend you to do the same
stem cells as a possible source for cell transplants
only truly regular transoceanic crossing of any insect a quite incredible feat
that the man known as azrael
and then snuck back to Connecticut ?
which have been, or are currently being, implemented
underline the link between external and internal threats
that the path of folly and aggression will not pay for russia
while still using vacuum tubes, built very bulky
so at this stage i have no reason to believe that we will be
baskets in a row at the county fair .
was the eu-imposed privatisation/theft of public services
before we all go down with this ship, let us, once and for all, do the right thing
and west of the moon and there too is a princess with a nose which is three ells long
his shaver and he shaved it onto my pasta and he said you know would signore like the truffles and
i want a pub in the riverside area that allows children
but , you know , i do n't have time
the uk is, after all, the second-largest net contributor
contribute to the increase of the average eu debt level
trainee parrish , you have - she 's right , laurel .
may this year as part of the mid-term review of the digital
And I find myself - at Christmas .
or in our external relations with third countries
if you are kind enough to help others, especially the poor, money is a good thing to you.
i wish to inform the house that, on a matter of principle
but for the life of me i can't help wishing that we had been going out together
we may be moving into yet another economic form that is significantly different from previous ones
pull sound trucks from laguna hills ,
while our duty is to listen to all those whose interests will be affected by decisions we take
i tried to read george moore last night and was dreadfully bored
are attracting investment interest across the globe
work of ran and the whole prevention element of the counter-terrorism policy
the invasion sparked intense protests from yugoslavia, romania
freedom, democracy and transparent societies
i do not want to reiterate what has been said, and i think there are a number of important
but the crippling uncertainty is playing havoc with the british economy
that its example will help stimulate stronger commitments
only a country that allows people to speak out freely can truly be called
these issues are rightly highlighted as persistent concerns
yeah , i mean , we 're -- we 're done .
I tried to talk to Eudora at the jail ,
says barney groves died - we have witnesses
and look at how the rules are transposed and how the rules are
let me be clear: we need more europe and we need more national responsibility
Where did it all go wrong , Cate ?
and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me
to now we still have an energy crisis and now we have a climate crisis as well
i 'm not in santa barbara .
now, suddenly, we have this new landscape.
i understand the concerns raised regarding the difficulty of getting clear information
california , the largest piece of delegates
is one of the few rooms in the house
and the partners of the global health security initiative
hi , mom . - i.d . number .
wood newton 's birthday . - i 'm sorry , stewie .
the cyber division , - - now you , tel .
are endemic, and they are considered to be relatively recent arrivals from asia
but also trades a large amount of milk with another member state
and gives broadcast radio or television programs a new distribution method
that way they make sure that
- never gon na happen . - later , conn.
and efficient use of eu funds and existing eu capabilities
baby , a standard tracfone with 200 ,
with rory 's future wife ? - mm , mozambique .
thinking about the long-term competitiveness of the continent
mrs. fletcher ? - until my boss arrives .
but the focus on other issues means it has sadly fallen short in this respect
to read them . - maximilian or dex , you know ?
i can only imagine - well , why do n't i
um ... - i told you .
at length he went to bed fell asleep and had golden dreams
if mary and her child died, elizabeth would become queen
running out of estonia . - and then the bomb .
we need the synergy of cooperating eu institutions
close how the community is. doing this morning. what are they planning?. how are they coping
the egyptian government began recruiting former nazis for a missile program using chemical
miss garrett , if we are to obey computer
hi , lucy . - secondary trash eraser .
and declined his offer to share a riverside cottage and run up to town in the mornings
of the importance of the absence of internal border controls
adapting to a dynamic economic reality also means ensuring
will now start to roll these skills out across the provinces
- right , brother ? - we have earvin `` magic . ''
i 'm going to florida for a couple weeks .
such a universe oscillates between a big bang
please tackle the marketplace: it is not working
and variety of new laws which at the end of five centuries
of course they did because the book
- yeah , johnny . you 're gon na love maui .
should we provide, in extreme cases, for further sanctions such as suspension of voting rights
contacted crumb and paid for his journey to new york to talk about getting the film rights
what i was hoping ? - it 's 2017 , everybody knows
the guys in brockton are startin '
are usually very sensitive i have in mind a very strong vigorous editorial writer
via my numerous interventions and participation in events throughout the european union and beyond
now , merleen , let me make sure
the orion aft subproject includes two pad abort tests and four ascent abort tests
to look after cases like this which are there and which need assistance
is committed to work with the other member states so they are also rolled out in
live from las vegas , - they know
so i thought palm harbor village was over there no no we had a wind last night it's gone now
for a major san francisco - - hi , lane .
because this is a shared competence with the member states
the guy lived in 12 . - that 's my personal ... trash .
now some of you might be asking instead of distilling would it be preferable to reflux
dude, you know this guy has the most badass minecraft sex dungeon role-playing
it was no more than they deserved.
we were using this - we shall attack plymouth ,
but once you also have people living in close proximity to each other
exactly the reasons why we should proceed
from the eu side, an agreement focusing on tariffs would clearly not be enough
and this will probably be one of the few cases
i would 've scratched your eyes out .
on raymond , shall we ? - in the bahamas .
because they're focused on honoring what is most beautiful
what is he going to do it is time to move on
colleagues to vote tomorrow in favour of both reports, the
... have just cause for arresting me ...
i want to find a moderately priced pub and i do not care whether children are allowed
- still at the state level ...
to wait for the results of the sustainable environment assessment
this reference from the bible forms the foundation for the doctrine known
i want a pub with a internet connection
